[Music]
eight signs that you're more attractive
than you realize
we all doubt our attractiveness from
time to time seeing more and more flaws
every day but wait if you think you're
not that appealing it doesn't
necessarily mean it's true in the eyes
of other people there are a couple of
clear psychological signs that can tell
you a lot about your appearance and
natural magnetism so are you ready to
face the truth then keep watching before
you figure out how others see you
be sure to click subscribe and turn on
this little notification bell right here
now you won't miss any of the exciting
news coming out daily from the bright
side of life well let's go back to our
list and kick it off with number eight
people rarely compliment you can you
remember a situation where you were 100%
self confident and sure that all eyes
would be on you but you ended up not
getting a single compliment we've all
been there this situation often makes a
person doubt their attractiveness and
think that something is wrong logically
speaking a ton of compliments should
mean a great appearance right but that's
not how our psychology works when we see
a naturally gorgeous person we
automatically think that they can't have
low self-esteem
as a result we give these people fewer
compliments and that's simply because we
assume they already know how beautiful
they are see what I mean so don't let a
lack of compliments bring you down you
look just as outstanding as you think
number seven compliments coming your way
usually sound apathetic let's try to
look at the whole complements thing from
another perspective
let's say you're complemented rarely but
then you finally get some praise and it
sounds completely emotionless come on
this has to be the final confirmation
that's your nothing special right not
exactly remember what we just talked
about as we tend to think that
attractive people know exactly how hot
they are we don't see much sense in
paying extra attention to it and that's
exactly why compliments end up sounding
so trivial and mundane so once again no
need to worry here strangers often try
to make eye contact with you we can lie
with our words but our body language
always tells the truth
[Music]
accordingly if someone keeps looking at
you even for short periods of time this
person obviously likes you a long look
directly into your eyes with a little
smile or friendly expression conveys
strong emotions and is a subconscious
attempt to establish contact don't
confuse it with a serious look into your
eyes though as this can sometimes imply
secret aggression there is also a third
option that you don't see often a person
keeps looking at you and continues to do
so even when you notice it's a signal of
a strong interest in you and a desire to
know more about you you are a little
creepy let's be honest but it still
counts as a positive response to your
appearance number five people raise
their brows when looking at you again
body language you guys the more you know
about it the easier it gets to read
people like an open book by the way
there are a lot of videos on this topic
in our channel so don't forget to look
them up
anyway raising the brows is one of the
truest body language responses out there
since it happens automatically and
unconsciously and seeing a gorgeous
person is one of the things that
triggers this response German ethology
steyr no Seibel urge felt carried out a
massive research project that observed
people from at least a dozen cultures he
documented when guys and girls used an
eyebrow flash and how they responded to
it the results weren't that surprising
they confirmed that we raise our brows
to show our friendly attitude
non-verbally moreover it's also a
subconscious attempt to open our eyes
even wider to see something or somebody
that attracted our attention so look for
it number four people periodically make
duck lips when looking at you sounds
kind of creepy but let me explain I'm
not talking about the long lasting duck
face that some people enjoy doing for
selfies it's more of a one-second action
that can occur several times in one
meeting and according to body language
experts it's closely connected to a
subconscious wish to kiss the same thing
goes for licking lips and this gesture
is clearly a bit more expressive it's
also a good hint for anyone who's
wondering whether their crushes into
them if they glanced at your lips from
time to time there's a great chance that
they have romantic feelings for you too
number three people try to get closer to
you how often do you try to get closer
to people you feel indifferent to almost
never right and what about people you
like the answer will be completely
different here psychology has a simple
explanation we keep our distance from
people who don't seem attractive to us
and try to keep close to those who give
off positive vibes
it's especially clear during a
conversation if a person leans in
quickly touches your hands or arms and
keeps eye contact then there's no doubt
that they find you really attractive
number two people are surprised when
they find out that you have complexes we
subconsciously think that attractive
people can't have low self-esteem
remember so if the people around you
become extremely surprised upon hearing
about your complexes it's one of the
clearest signs that your problem with
your appearance is purely imaginary
moreover looking at you some people
might think that your life is perfect
and they get irritated if you dare
complain about having issues when you
have so many advantages in their opinion
have you ever seen a scene in a movie
where a girl with a model appearance
complains about being overweight thus
causing a wave of indignation and other
girls that's exactly what I'm talking
about so if it sounds a lot like your
life it may be the case number one
people are usually either too polite or
extremely unfriendly with you if people
either love you or hate you this means
only one thing
you're not indifferent to them a
self-confident person who doesn't have
complexes and considers themselves
attractive and successful appreciates
the same quality and other people to put
it simply people who treat you with a
polite and friendly attitude see you as
an equal on the other hand we're all
human and every single one of us has to
deal with other people's negative
emotions from time to time learn not to
take them personally and don't get upset
it's their unhappiness lack of
self-confidence and envy that makes them
behave this way instead of wasting your
time on them stick to the first group
and you'll be all right
so there you go those are all the signs
that can confirm your physical
attractiveness whenever you are in doubt
still don't forget that its inner
harmony that makes us glow not perfectly
symmetrical features
don't strive to fit in the mold of a
flawless man or woman embrace your
imperfections and the unique
characteristics that make you stand out
from the crowd after all nothing is more
beautiful than a person who loves
themselves and knows their worth but
it's time to hear your point of view how
many of these signs are true for you and
how do you behave in front of people you
find undeniably attractive tell us in
the comments section below
while you're at it don't forget to hit
the like button and share this video
with your friends and family to boost
their self esteem as well for more fun
and informative Brightside videos click
Subscribe and join the family until next
time
you